---
title: Deploy
excerpt: Sharing your bot with end users or internal team members across channels.
deprecated: false
hidden: false
metadata:
  title: ''
  description: ''
  robots: index
next:
  description: ''
---
## Publishing your bot

When you're ready to share your bot with end users, click on the **Publish** button located at the top of the <Glossary>Studio</Glossary>.

Your users will now be able to interact with the version of the bot you most recently published. Any changes you make before publishing again will not reflect in your bot until you publish again.

<br />

## Ways to share your bot

### Shareable link

The share button, located in the top menu bar in the Studio, generates a custom preview of your bot's interface. This is accessed by a unique URL that you can share with team members or use yourself for quick prototyping and testing.

You can also access this unique URL from the Webchat tab of your bot's admin dashboard.

<br />

### Webchat

Webchat is a custom frontend for your bot, automatically generated by Botpress, that you can embed on any website or web page.

Learn more about Webchat [here](https://botpress.com/docs/embedded-webchat)

<br />

### Integration

Botpress offers a library of integrations that can deploy your bot to a third-party service. For example, your bot can be deployed on a messaging channel like WhatsApp, or to a customer support channel like ZenDesk.

Learn more about Integrations [here](https://botpress.com/docs/messaging-channels-overview).

<br />

### Embed your bot within an app

Botpress bots can be embedded an application or other piece of software using the Botpress SDK. 

Learn more about the Botpress SDK [here](https://botpress.com/docs/sdk).
